**EVERYHOME -- Disclaimer**

The EVERYHOME app is developed and provided by TL Technologies PVT LTD
(\"the Company\"), an IT consulting company based in Trivandrum, Kerala.
By using the EVERYHOME app, you agree to the following disclaimer:

***Availability of Service Providers***: The EVERYHOME app aims to
connect homeowners with the best household service providers in their
area. However, we do not guarantee the availability, reliability, or
suitability of any service provider listed on the app. We do not endorse
any service provider and it is solely the responsibility of the user to
verify the credentials, experience, and suitability of any service
provider before engaging their services.

***Accuracy of Information***: The company makes every effort to ensure
that the information provided on the EVERYHOME app is accurate and
up-to-date. However, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of
the information provided. We are not responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of the information provided on the app.

***Third-party Websites and Services***: The EVERYHOME app may contain
links to third-party websites and services. The Company is not
responsible for the content, accuracy, or reliability of any third-party
website or service. We do not endorse or recommend any third-party
website or service, and it is solely the responsibility of the user to
verify the suitability and reliability of any third-party website or
service before using it.

***Limitation of Liability***: The company will not be liable for any
damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental,
punitive, and consequential damages arising from the use of the
EVERYHOME app or any service provider listed on the app. The company
will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the use of the
information provided on the app or any third-party website or service.

***Governing Law and Jurisdiction***: The use of the EVERYHOME app and
this disclaimer shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of India. Any disputes arising from the use of the EVERYHOME
app shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in
Trivandrum, Kerala.

By using the EVERYHOME app, you acknowledge that you have read this
disclaimer and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. If you do
not agree with this disclaimer, you should not use the EVERYHOME app.
